Privacy Policy
Muhammed Talha SAGLAM built the Fixture Generator app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Talha at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Fixture Generator unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

1. Information We Collect
When you use the App, we may collect the following types of information:
- User Information: We may collect your name, email address, phone number, and other personal information that you provide to us.
- Device Information: We may collect information about your device, including its type, operating system, browser type, and unique device identifiers.
- Log Information: We may also collect log information when you use the App, such as your IP address, browser type, and the pages you visit.

2. How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect to:
- Provide, operate, and maintain the App;
- Respond to your inquiries and requests;
- Personalize and improve the App;
- Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the App;
- Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities;
- Comply with legal obligations, including responding to court orders and legal requests.

3. Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose your information to:
- Service Providers: We may share your information with third-party service providers who help us operate the App, such as hosting and analytics providers.
- Business Partners: We may share your information with business partners, such as advertisers and sponsors, who may use it to offer you products and services.
- Law Enforcement: We may disclose your information to law enforcement or other government officials if required by law or if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with legal obligations, protect our rights or property, or prevent harm.

4. Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as necessary to provide you with the App and to comply with our legal obligations. If you wish to request that we delete your information, please contact us at [Your Contact Information].

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. I encourage all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. I encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Application and/or Services, please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2021-12-20

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at muhammedtalhasaglam0@gmail.com.
